GAME "FORTOVORTO"

Genre: Regue-like (Rogue-like + Regular Expressions game)
Players: 1
Multiplayer: Up to four people
Setting: Autogenerated, Sword&Soccery.
Lang: Python/C++

Main hero of game is Tlatoani - creature, that understanded the power of wordspeaking. Every Tlatoani finds his own way of using the words to clear his path of troublemakers.

Main feature of game is using the words to cast actions. enemies of heroes is mindless creatures, that can do some kind of words, but can not transform into power for glory of god.

MAIN WORLD MAP consists of some sort of objects: dwellings and dungeons mostpartly.
The player simply selects, which object he wants to visit. In Dwellings he can rest, chat with byches, hire goblas, prepare to journey and so on.
Selecting the dungeon the player immediately transports to dungeon research game mode.

DUNGEON MAP is square based matrix. It has free space and walls(#). on walls can not be anything(debatable in future), and on floor can bw some sort of shit: generaly, it's squad of byches, loot, or object(like shit chest, or WORDSOURCE). Every squad consists of max up nine warriors. Every turn the squad can move one square up, down, left or right. every squad demands it's action, and then they move in one time. So, if to squads of enemies are move one into other, the battle starts. If one warrior squads moves into position of enemy, and enemy runs away, battle starts anyway, but in this case battle leaping squad can strike in back of its enemies.
For each warrior squad it can be up to 4 enemy squads in one time.
If somebych is fighting, and some bych is not, they can move to battle, they can do it. one step on dungeon map is one battle round, which consists of 20 battleticks. (Why 20? For each two combatants it is  9 warriors max. So the round allows to max do one round for each warrior and two rounds - in begin and in end of turn.

BATTLE

The battle is turn based and context-based! It means, each warrior in a warriorsquad has it's own time to strike his enemies. the time to strike is not-relative: it's common for all the dungeonlevel. it's based on 20 battleticks, as described above. 
Warrior, which time to strike has come, selectsm what to do strike enemy from available bichessquad:

 u
l$r
 d

actions:
Attack: generally, 20BT
Tlatoa: generally, 20BT
Wait: 10B
Run Away: 20BT

CHARACTERS (PRED) (predator)
Every character have 4 basic chars:
POWER:
DURABLITY:
RATE:
EVASION:

POWER*RATE = Attack
DUR*EVA = Defense

Power means amount of damage this warrior deals by a single blow.

Rate means how often this warrior can hit his target. The count of attacks, which warrior attempts to do, is based on warrior's weapon.

Durablity means amount of damage this warrior can get and not die.

Evasion means chance of warrior to reduce of enemy attack by half! This shit cumulative for every 100. It's based on warrior's armor:

(MECHANICALLY:
low-accuracy weapons deals more strikes. it's all kinds of savage and "shotgun" weapons, what can miss mostpartly, or can hit mostpartly. so, the random is really huge: u can cocklick, or u can destroy all your enemies.

low-accuracy armor it is light, clothes weapon. If it suceeds to save you, than you evaded enemy's strike! high-accuracy armor is all kinds of heavy armor, covering all your body. it has low chance to absorb more damage, than it can, but it's very ok.)

Every artifact in game is nfused with power of words, and can help you to effectivate your damn warriorfull warriority.

CLASSES
The are plenty of classes in this excellencia game.
the difference is different resourse for mana of each class and different for 

BARBARO
BODY-based classes. he uses BATTLECRY's to defeat enemies, threat them, and buff himself. also, shouts of barbaro let him to lose control and more fierecly attack.
The source for his shouts is 1)Rage 2)Voice. Firstly, Barbaro must want to kill his enemies, because they are mistviehs. Secondly, Barbaro mast not overuse his voice, or he will suck.

MONK
BODY-based classes. he uses MANTRA's to configurate his chakras. this allow him to do supernatural things - alternate dimensions, change the world itself throw him self and so on. The main source for monk is Ci. The monk must concetrate, to gather ci, which is very tough in battles.

SKIENCIST
MATTERY-based classes. he uses FORMULA's to combined different kinds of reactives and achieve some kind of excellency. The material for his cast is reactive, which is gathered on battlefield or from enemies.

ANIMIST
MATTERY-based classes. He uses CHANT's on different stuff around him to do them, that he wants. Exemple, throw their head like a shitputin.

PREGIST
SPIRIT-based classes. He uses PRAY's to his gods to get some kind of response from heaven or hell, depends on god to pray.
Also, it's a putinmorph form of hero.
Pregist must very carefully construct his prays, because the gods will not support him for every his demand - gods are no slaves, komprenas?

ELEMENTIST
SPIRIT-based classes. Like a Pregist he speaks with a spirit form - in this case, with spirits of Nature, Elemental spirits, that is a base for all the dam world around us. he uses SPELLS to invoke spirits and move them to battle.

NECROMANCER
ESSENSE-based classes. Necromancer catches souls of dead and uses them to help him fight his enemies. 

DEMONOLOG
ESSENSE-based classes. Demonolog makes pacts with demons to help him fight his enemies. But be carefull: Demons can get ya soul.

BARD
SENSE-based. Just inspires his Allies to bit enemies harder, or his enemies not to beat him.

PUPPETMASTER
SENSE-based classes. This damn warrior just plays with mind of his enemies to do them that he wants.

ROLE SYSTEM of POWERWORD
The main treasure of this game is so-called POWERWORDS - spellroots, if you wish. They are required to allow your hero to make more powerfull casts.
Each hero in game travels in the world to collect more sound information and get more wordpower (where are also over wordspeakers, but they are not covered in this game)

Basically, Powerword is some kind of action, that you can perform. Buy investigating te world you can creatures, that uses POWERWORD shards in their "speech" and so get the powerword shard to use it on your own. But the only place to get clear POWERWORD is a WORDSOURCE - magic shit, stored in the heart of dungeon.
By hearing the WORDSOURCE you can
a)Learn new POWERWORD base
b)Improve already yours POWERWORD to get more effective results
c)Get WORDMIX - interface to mix two your POWERWORDS to achieve more tremendous result.

U can use powerwords in two styles: basic and warriorish. For every class The basic style is different; Warriorish is also.


POWERWORD EXAMPLES (WHAT ABOUT MAKE IT DIFFERENT?):

Point is using a powerword as a synset - get different shit from different powerwords. that's the point, amigo!
What about random Generated Gods?

BAR_PERDO - basically, bar_perdo allows to use bleeding attack to barbarian. He viciosely strikes and sets BLEEDING status to his enemies.
ELM -

BASIC powerword samples.

BAR: CRYSTRIKE - cries and attacks an enemy.
SKIEN: GRENADE - takes blitzformula and tosses it to enemy
MONK: KHA-STRIKE - uses his ci-technik to make his fist powerfull. 
ELEM: CAST - just order to spirits "ATTACK THAT MISTVIEH!"
ANIM: "KILL THEM!" - Easy chant on arrow or spear and tossing it
NECR: SOULSTRIKE - orders to souls - kill them
PREG:
DEM:

POWERWORD konzeption.

POWERWORD it's a big-big-big interface with wich you can interact on different chanells.
Every class can use different Bolges to Froki.

POWERWORD is:
a Deity; Action, that this Deity can do; DAN' that this deity requires.
Every Deity have table of different DAN'-RESPONE actions. U must learn as a cleric, what every deity loves or hates.
an Elemental: Consists of elements in undetermined proportion. For every Elementist task is to Determine it's elements to use it eelemental. Every elemental has it's magical effect on use.
a Barbaro: Imact.
damn. i dont know,
it's too dificult! To think about all the classes.
Let it be BARBARO SKIENCIST ELEMENTALIST for base.
let's make all simple. we just make list of all skills and then... RANDOMLY DISTRIBUTES THEM! AHAHAHAHA!A

EXP System
PRED: Power,Rate,Evasion,Damage.
i
You can evolve using Ups. Up is a king of small Level up, Only you can distribute not so many points at once. by getting up you:
receives 1 extra point in your Power and Damage Char
receives 2 distribute points. You can not pull both your disrtibute point in a same char at once.
if R below 100, than you add 1 to p or 1 to r. if e below 100, than you add 1 toe or d.

up P or D from X to Y is Y-X points.
up R or E from X to Y is (Y*Y)-(X*X)-(Y-X) points.
more simple formula: up 100 to 101 is 1.01. 101 to 102 is 1.03. tielokaze:
1	1.01
2	1.03
3	1.05
4	1.07
5	1.09 (0.25 sume!)
6	1.11
7	1.13
8	1.15
9	1.17
10	1.19 (0.75 sume!) 
