Elementist class concept

"Everything consists of Four Elements... Your Flesh is Earth. Your Breath is Air. Your Blood is Water. Your Soul... is a Fire"

FI,WA,AI,ER is a basic elements of everything. The most common elements for it is a FIRE WATER AIR and EARTH.

Every creature has its elementals constitution. It is showed on it's iternal PRED profile. But be warriorfull, weapons or armor does'not changes the inner constitution, but changes outer chars.

POWER - FIRE
RATE - AIR
EVASION - WATER
HEALTH - EARTH

Element places:
1)You Y
2)Creatures C
3)Environment E

You can:
1)Call elements from environment E->Y
2)Blast them et enemies Y->E
3)Throw concentrated elemental bolt Y->C
4)Leak elementals from enemies C->Y

most common shit: leak the element from enemy, and finish him by opposite.

Effectivity of BOLT based on a)Resistances of enemy b)Enviroment Resourses e.g. near the lake a lot of water. On the plain you can get a lot of fire from the sunlight c)Your spirit energy. You can cast more elemental energy to you first, and than strike.

INFUSE - grants power of element to creature, baffing it and changing it resistance. INFUSE changes the stats of target, basing on nature of element used. Other chars are making less.

VOW - you catches spirits of elected elemency, and they come to you from outside.

Instead of Powerword you can directly use prime Elements (FIBOLGA), but using a powerwords is much more effective.

Why? Because Complex elements has integerity punishment.
Elements can cause Buff or Debuff - basing on which bich you are striking like a dawg.

FIRE - (FI) Element. 
Buff: Heates you, increasing your initiative.
Debuff: Set the enemy on fire.

WATER - (WA) Element.
Buff: Renovates your body, adding a liitle regeneration
Debuff: Slows down initiative of a mistvieh

AIR - (AI) Element.
Buff: Allows you to make additional attacks
Debuff: Makes your attack shitier, decreasing strike chance by 10%

EARTH - (EA) Element.
Buff: Increasing your Natural defence, so, chance to decrease shit from enemy is raised by 10 %
Debuff: Could prevent you from big amount of attacks

ICE (WA+AI) Element

LIGHTING (AI+FI) Element

MUD (ER+WA) Element

ROCK (FI+EA) Element
